hey guys as you can see i'm about to
give you a review on Pangaea facial mask
so ignore the scary green face how many
of you guys seen masks and they probably
have Jim Carrey up well that's what I
remind myself of right now anyways I'll
be back to tell you how I like it peace
alright guys so here is the final thing
without the dream scary monster face
basically it's called the Pangaea facial
scrub I will put a picture of it after
this because the ingredient list is long
so i'll put a link to that list and the
name of the actual mask is very long so
i'm just going to put it down here in
the description box anyways I love this
mess absolutely love it if you had those
little icky yucky little black hair
thingies that won't go away even with a
V know you could try there's like an egg
you put the egg on your face and you
leave 20 she really does wonders I have
yet have any kind of facial experience
like the one I've had the past two times
this is my second time using its i've
been using out for two weeks my second
time is just as good as the first this
is the best facial experience I've ever
had with any kind of facial products so
definitely thumbs up from natural ABC
and you can check it out at bloom calm
and I actually my next video is going to
be review on bloom calm so look out for
that and check out the links remember a
rate comment subscribe laughs yeah